other show will take place in new jersey ; ; shanghai " china ; rio janeiro " brazil ; sydney " ; johannesburg " south africa ; hamburg " germany ; and istanbul " turkey . mr. in a television address under the constitution " the parliament would have authority . yasser arafat will meet shimon peres in gaza on after palestinians the - wing israeli government have the palestinian from fly to the west bank for talk with the . baseball - sorrento hit slam as seattle rout orioles . professional in india protest a quota have be by professional from other " as demonstration continue in the capital .
in addition to a economic slowdown by china " the - american development bank " rise u.s. interest rate and a fall dollar could affect latin " where many country already have massive level of public debt . in the capital " pristina " gates u.s. support for kosovo 's territorial integrity and to maintain a u.s. presence there until at least 2009 . ajax amsterdam 2 1 0 1 1 2 3 the economic downturn and electricity and water price malta 's economy " which be dependent on foreign trade " manufacturing - especially and pharmaceutical - and tourism " growth bounce as the economy recover in 2010 . editor and long - time leftist teodoro petkoff have announce be a for .
the song of the and single of the award go to the song " live like you be " " write by tim and and by tim . the tape - first by broadcaster al - jazeera - there be plan for a attack in the state " offer a " long - term " if american force out of iraq and afghanistan . in january 2007 " montenegro the world bank and imf . official be prohibit americans from do business with the two company . activist on the other of the issue support will be small rally in and other city .
greenland " the world 's large island " be 81 % ice cap . duma lawmaker unanimously for the - friendship and mutual assistance treaty " which formalize economic " diplomatic and . a south african be write to american girl whose in a bottle find wash on nelson mandela 's old island . be not injure . vicente fox be not eligible to for re - because mexican law just six - term .
during long " five for theater work . on " china 's official news agency quote " of the university population " as by the " 25 million man will fail to have if the gender imbalance continue . the 's daughter be go into senior of school at friend school , a private school in . 4 . ( u.s. ) 3 . ( ) 16
the company to do good in the . thai police a lao couple have be find behead in southern thailand " the late victim of suspect separatist violence . karzai have fire two " - rank " official be for other country " and warn would not spare engage in such activity . speaker at the slam mr. for decision be steadily move into authoritarian state . the state - run herald mr. mugabe 's 85th birthday will be celebrate in the town of " north of the capital .
7 32.0 7.0 5.0 mr. edwards criticize a move to suspend set a minimum wage for worker on . the man kill near nablus be a member of the militant group al aqsa martyrs ' brigade . rafael palmeiro 's two - out single in the inn roberto alomar with the go - ahead as the oriole rally past the california angel 5 - 4 and take over the american 's - card on . on sunday " north korea a meet with u.s. official this month .
it warn work in place where arabs be . which expect the begin of , " . indonesian navy official three of the boat flee and the warship shot when the fourth boat do not to and signal . tarasyuk of week 's meet be to and reorganize the small group " which " " could in other country . to meet " be a multilateral committee task with the stalemate .
mr. gbagbo have be isolated by the international community " the state " after to yield the presidency although have few than mr. ouattara in month 's poll . the follow effort by palestinian to persuade militant to end campaign of anti - israeli attack so can negotiate for a palestinian state on israeli - occupy land . the will not the tax successfully push through in 2001 . member of the of petroleum export country be schedule to consider oil supply and price policy at a meet on march 5 . the times report the doctor be debrief by u.s. authority on friday .
arnhem 1 ( 85th ) sparta rotterdam 1 ( gerard georgia 's main economic activity the cultivation of agricultural product as grape " citrus fruit " and ; mining of and copper ; and of a small industrial sector produce alcoholic and " " machinery " and . economist track consumer for clue the consumer demand drive most u.s. economic activity . japan and north korea have not have bilateral for a . a number of suspect be be in pakistan . three iraq city more
" on the island , as the place ( the interior ministry 's address ) , people be aware be and be do what . -docstart- on friday " saudi arabia a request by u.s. for riyadh to oil production in of control soar gas price . pusan 0 1 0 0 2 1 in tuesday have information plot to kill and lebanese fuad siniora " though do not elaborate .
be quarterly on basis . union official the nation use the euro a this " which will rise unemployment and government debt . outside the sambadrome " and tourist the into the street " wear costume and mask and eat and drink to excess . and of marta and virginia ruano pascual of in the double 07-may " 06-feb . the three white police have be suspend from the police force pay .
- four ship unload tonne of iraq - sugar jordan 's . week " levan gachechiladze council will not take its seat in the legislature to protest result . mr. talat will replace denktash " have lead the community for decade " do not seek term . south korea 's yonhap news agency the group of nine three child . the polisario " with algeria 's support " demand a popular the of independence .
stenn start a jail sentence on just as be prepare to contest obtain by diana ban him from within ( yard ) of . and the u.s. soldier kill two suspect member of al - qaida in iraq and 22 other during raid in mosul and ramadi . in the become a self - govern commonwealth . six country talk on north korea 's nuclear program have be stall . the - dominate province be where more than british soldier begin out a major air assault on a late week .
the paris - base for economic cooperation and development present the report during a visit to the capital by recep tayyip erdogan . earlier this week " seek the death for the group 's allege myuran sukumaran . the studio be to be restructure and give " it will continue make movie . modify have have dna engineer to make resistant to and . earlier " israeli air strike kill a hamas militant and several other people in the northern town of .
- game play on . - orii equipment . world 800 push masterkova the way , finish in . the protest over industrial pollution be the third this in zhejiang . however " be send to the as the two country do not have agreement . iraq more
two civilian be kill in the iraqi bombing , " irna quote the radio report as . the for one of the suspect reporter a u.s. " identify as john correa " have be mention as a link between the and the state . socialist costas simitis announce the poll on problem with the economy , the country 's convergence with the union and tense relation with neighbour turkey . thousand of people in the haitian capital have demonstrate in support of rene preval . the u.s. plan to talk with government official in khartoum meeting in the south of the country .
and airline " out of the " start fly to baghdad earlier this . they the rescue attempt be chaotic and cause many of the death " most of child . the university of south florida fire al - from position as a computer be in 2003 " use academic position for " purpose . israeli ehud olmert be schedule to meet with palestinian in jerusalem . bristol city 0 blackpool 1
's slowly begin to drop as struggle with a wrist injury . seat in liberia 's - war month . " do a good this , ne good diesel and good engine oil , " ivan odnosum . " chicago houston al - watan three iraq city more
official at least 25 other be injure in the in the city 's crowd garden neighborhood . in baghdad " official with the influential group call on 's abductor to unharmed . at least 30 be destroy and dozen more " force people to flee for life . english to africa william eagle the au be consider a number of possibility - send in to work alongside un peacekeeper the congolese " go in alone -docstart-
286 hidemichi tanaka ( japan ) 66 75 75 70 , jones 70 69 democrats " as well as some member of 's own republican " plan to alito on under the u.s. constitution . romanian traian basescu the demand . mr. ivanov add will keep its nuclear capability equal to of the united state and other nuclear in technological " not in the actual number of weapon . official in six chechen rebel have be kill in a with commando south of the provincial capital " grozny .
lamm have not to ross perot as the of the reform , cnn report late tuesday . the chemical group net income gain to million guilde ( $ million ) " 6.7 guilde a share " from 144 million guilde " guilde a share " a ago . police find 35 metric ton of marijuana on on a ship prepare to set sail for the from colombia 's caribbean port of cartagena . tuesday " the u.s. of representative a bill the anti - terrorism law know as the . u.s. congressman of peace plan .
the death rate for the most common fatal illness " such as heart attack " heart failure and pneumonia . tourism " mostly in tobago " be target for and be . the two man meet as ozawa in to improve relation between the two country . i assume be due to the fact be a public and him a poke in the nose . two survey of americans this week suggest support for be near - time .
mr. the in the british parliament . authority the militant attack the district government headquarters in in southeastern khost province late friday . a pentagon " geoff " want to be able to counter missile attack possibly from iran as as rocket fire from palestinian territory . the eu be look at flood into market a system expire january 1 . in unrelated development " a u.s .- lead coalition soldier and one be injure when armored vehicle roll over during a combat mission in eastern kunar province late .
producer have more in a report . the be willing to use the national strategic reserve to meet immediate fuel and urge citizen to conserve fuel curtail trip and conserve electricity during peak hour . in prague : sparta prague ( czech republic ) 8 local resident least half of the dead be civilian . batsman michael clarke and phil lead the with clarke 73 and 51 . iraq city
the lawmaker agree in brussels to set up a committee to look into the matter . dr. lee poultry product be important source of protein and thorough cook kill the virus . public protest be ban in the . government alfred mutua sunday some have accuse the government of - hunt " mutua the government will not discriminate in its effort to thief to . correspondent lawrence sheet , speak from the nearby village of - , have hear little from grozny evening 's arrival of , " with peace " .
dependent on rain in semi - arid region be particularly . result of a ahead of " israeli ehud olmert be consider speed its strip withdrawal plan " to avoid further protest by of the pullout . a of expert be try to determine why the build collapse . socialist pm green light for .
have call on the u.s. to a defense spending bill before it go on recess month . tuesday " be to meet libyan moammar gadhafi in tripoli . iran it have arrest several iranian journalist " charge work be at fuel ethnic division within the country . musharraf have plan to attend the ceremony in and meet with . if by the world health " death would to 23 the number of people in indonesia have from the virus .
the government have charge mr. bakiyev with kill " accuse of force to on anti - government protester during the uprising . " hamas official plan to boycott the talk with fatah . will take it over month , " . will remain in the overnight for . mr. elbaradei " regional be not a . "
3 . william tanui ( kenya ) buy a cow and it to use the bathroom in bill 's yard . she take the of teresa , 's of the child . warlord have rule somalia be in 1991 . government authority have declare tuesday and a public holiday " and iranian medium many airline have be .
u.s. defense reporter in tuesday 's network be small " be very lethal and have carry out a large number of attack . in development " palestinian official today plan to amnesty to 110 militant after they to renounce violence the state . the attack be in orissa state " nearly 550 south of the state capital bhubaneshwar . south africa have lead mediation effort on zimbabwe 's " and have be slam repeatedly by the for its approach of so - call " quiet diplomacy " towards the mugabe government . 17 - 3 - 42 - 1 , cork 7 - 1 - 38 - 0 , salisbury 14 - 0 - 71 - 0
the world health be the effort at reverse a surge in polio case which start in nigeria . speak saturday in the capital " " visit foreign alexander downer mr. rini economic reform be go to be central to the survival of the country . casey " a u.s. state " concern tuesday seif " be arrest as part of a activist . roadside bomb kill at least one person in kirkuk . unfortunately it us 04-jan .
successor " eduardo " announce end to the peso 's decade - long peg to the us dollar in 2002 . the 's late contrast sharply with recent accusation the state be a plot to assassinate him . 1 - 0 . - alexandre ( grasshopper ) , antonio ( grasshopper ) , sebastien ( stuttgart ) , christophe ( lausanne ) , ( sion ) , ( ) , ( milan ) murat ( grasshopper ) . this be 's december " .
alex the of a third containment vessel be set to double the amount of oil be collect to up to " barrel a . the discovery of the threaten to further polarize iraq 's sunni " kurdish and majority shi'ite community . the u.n. many of the be ruthless " the migrant make swim long distance to shore . israeli foreign will egypt this sunday for talk with , the foreign ministry on . 1 . ian woosnam pound sterling
much of sit below sea level " and the ' failure during hurricane katrina 80 percent of the city underwater . ms. 's testimony just in a referendum on a constitution . have agreement with pyongyang to return asylum seeker " have many to travel to south korea through third country . violence to the insurgency have kill at least " 4 people in 2006 . news agency quote mr. ivanov as will supply air system to syria .
the march to u.n. peacekeeping headquarters in kinshasa coincide with a to the by nation - kofi . mr. " work for a saudi " be abduct in with american colleague " roy hallums " whose remain . be discover the search for earthquake have already be halt . the do not specify the number of weapon find " call it the " large weapon cache to date in the city " - a - time rebel bastion . men 's single
month " south korea it background on north koreans seek asylum in the south " as as subsidy to north korean defector . americans h. and r. and 's have this 's nobel prize in . in 1987 " be from and replace el ben in a bloodless . ruth reader narrate .
the stimulus program and bank bailout " however " result in a government budget deficit of nearly 4.6 % of in and 5.3 % in 2010 contrast sharply with a surplus of 0.7 % of in 2008 . pakistani official of computer lead to on active al - qaida network . specifically mention " a village in south darfur " the of recent fight between rebel and government force . tomas ( 58th ) . mullally 3 5 1 39 24 9.75 himself city than fail it into three bomb iraq more
the close station have report regularly on the violence in mogadishu between insurgent and ethiopian the somali government . have not rule out the possibility " week there be plan to shut it down . sixto have admit buy bulk shipment of through two company create " the equipment to the center at a price . some religious family to the holiday entirely " it celebrate evil and the devil . division match :
add the state be work through swiss official to request information on the journalist . official the when the attack victim in the village of . be flock to the capital for the and have go on the charm offensive . reed international plc net income for the six month end oct. 1 slip 5 % to # million ( $ million ) " 16 a share " from # million ( $ million ) " a share . the of perry resign remain , the pennsylvania republican .
month " the u.n. it have mobilize nearly 600 member of its staff in haiti to support the country 's electoral process . the government seek to boost the economy by accelerate infrastructure program " offer corporate break for employer to retain worker " and facility . bank be hurt by loss on investment in and other area . wing pieter be expect to retain place , follow speculation would be pick out of position on the wing . roza otunbayeva a news at the of tuesday the four be return in of kyrgyz law and the presence of u.n. official .
sao paulo and santos narciso be substitute during ' game , take to sao paulo and fly to rio janeiro in a private jet charter by the football confederation ( ) . the of the above - average rainfall be not lose on plain producer , only three month ago be catch in a drought severe old - liken condition to the " dust bowl " of the 1930 . khin nyunt " the purge in mid - october " head the fear . it be unclear if it will lead the force . london 1996 - 08 - 24
the area be consider a hideout for al - qaida osama . a for the of tony blair what be important be not a timetable to help iraq while it determine its own future . united nation - kofi annan expect the bosnian serb government to follow up its apology for the srebrenica massacre with a drive to arrest and prosecute those responsible for the killing . a british colony " cyprus become in 1960 follow of resistance to british rule .
mr. hadley be work very closely with pakistan and afghanistan to counter the . the roadside attack in western baghdad " kill two people . -- wong , york desk + 1 212 859 turkey have it not a " privileged . " svetlana masterkova ( ) brussels city fail three bomb iraq more
and other have slam fema for what be a slow response to the disaster . crewe 3 1 1 1 4 4 4 tuesday 's south morning quote cabinet mr. tung be quit because be tired and health be not good . cricket - english county scores . the claim " the " " as the reinforcement be " have violence around the country . iraq
" major the gunman two other american soldier in the shoot sunday . in with the u.s. under of state for affair " nicholas " pakistan 's plan to lie land mine along of its with afghanistan be a bilateral issue . north , . fight center in mogadishu have kill thousand of people and prompt more than " 6 other to flee the city . - government politician be push for constitutional would the of the .
this mr. fujimori remain under arrest . a very hungry fox " some bread and meat shepherd in the hollow of oak " creep into the and a meal . however " many business and remain . eleven other people have be in the case . the be in with 's peace accord " which to two six - month in " the nation 's independence in 1960 .
the crowd seven - car train carry at least 550 passenger during the morning hour hit an automobile at a road near " west of . palkhivala acc have secure government approval to take over a cement firm with a capacity of tonne per . " third the new charter approve late thursday would rafael correa broad " function currently by the central bank . they be trading unchanged just before the of close guilde down at after it report net profit of million guilde million last and estimate range from to million .
at the three - association of nation ( asean ) in in december " mr. syed be to lead asean to burma to observe democratic reform . be concerned the pace could raise inflation rate lead to investment in unnecessary project . kapil ( india ) 434 wicket , 131 test there be concern other group try to carry out attack because they think u.s. official be by the situation . u.s. consumer price sharp drop in half a century in .
indonesia recently agree to resume share its bird flu sample with the " end a four - month dispute . the atlantic ocean provide some of the world 's most heavily traffic sea route " between and within the eastern and western . lopez be of several cuban musician together in 1996 by u.s. and producer as of a documentary and album . delegate at the will representative from the state " union " and the - american development bank . the replace 's schedule appearance at imf - host seminar on 's economic reform program , .
victim have accuse the of fail for decade to to punish priest . india 's republic mark the found of the indian republic in 1950 " three its independence from britain . a watch representative expulsion from follow a critical report show will not tolerate . mr. mehlis have not uncover syrian link to the february 14 bombing kill mr. and 20 other in beirut . warn of more attack .
2 . ian ( britain ) mr. qureia cabinet 's continue aggression send a clear it do not want to thing to quiet down and the peace process on track . anxiety over the budget the currency market where the franc around half a from 's late level to per mark . the lawmaker " however " a of mr. akayev 's . government angel official believe the virus the dominican republic through bird introduce into the country illegally .
york los angeles 3 1 mr. sharon have form a " kadima " to the on march 28 . meanwhile " lopez obrador have to temporarily end a protest in downtown mexico city . be develop the economy of the two country . it three bomb iraq more
saturday lead police to the of two other girl , eight , die of starvation this after abduction in june , . the of benin and nigeria have help launch a program to vaccinate 40 million child in the region polio . official in district " where the attack take place " the rebel fire indiscriminately . ali be arrest on october 1 after " - i - " ( woman 's ) argue give up be not a crime should be punish by death " as sanction by some interpretation of islamic sharia law . iran have accuse iraq of violate the ceasefire end - 88 war some 32 time between the end of march and 31 this , the iranian news agency irna report on saturday .
have claim responsibility for the attack . u.s. and iraqi be conduct joint in ramadi to al - qaida - in - iraq in the river . play : indian official mr. singh recover " there be collective decision - the cabinet " external mukherjee . two of the corps be identify not the third , find and in a in a nearby canal .
meanwhile " u.s. force have admit responsibility for the " friendly - " of a bulgarian soldier in southern iraq a week ago . two later equalise through peter atherton , find in the area to meet mark 's kick with a precise header . -docstart- sunday " the u.s. national upgrade katrina to a rare 5 " the most intense on the - simpson hurricane scale . and official have sign agreement on oil " and technology during in caracas .
the group of the image lead to a public examination of army interrogation . palestinian official have criticize the plan . siofok 0 2 mr. dismiss and dozen of other to october as . police the boat " a large number of " turn over late in a heavy south of the " freetown .
the tiny island of the seychelle fail to make soccer history at the when they bow out of the preliminary round of the african nation cup . be the in egypt to be sentence specifically for writing . a in houston " texas in the southwestern state " have three u.s. citizen of involvement in a traffic ring responsible for the death of 19 people in 2003 . the irna report quote inform source as mr. rowhani " head nuclear talk with the union " have send to khatami . florida 8 cincinnati 3 ( )
three not during a hear in nairobi . louis 68 61 .527 1/2 report rebel of the lord 's resistance army ( lra ) be the attack . " ukraine 's for five be the of peace and - ethnic harmony , " leonid in televise statement this week . schoch lead the world cup with " 1 point . iraq city more
's report . under the deal " will ocean boat " coastal vessel " and maritime surveillance . it on the government to full coverage of the humanitarian of the local population . bachelet the 10 man and 10 woman represent a " historic for equality " in chile . there be report of shoot in the build " gunshot be fire as police enter the legislative in city .
the bill authorize the of fund " valuable and other property through terrorism . few other be . mr. ivanov speak meet with ukraine 's " hrytsenko " in moscow . pakistani official a roadside bomb kill seven pakistani soldier in the northwest " as the army push with its offensive militant . mr. and mr. " " up earlier this to the u.s. fundraising drive for victim of the .
union representative be travel to the middle east sunday in hop of persuade israeli and palestinian to move toward a humanitarian in the gaza strip . manager bobby enjoy first success in charge of barcelona as weather 90 of non - atletico madrid pressure to the spanish super cup 6 - 5 on aggregate on . instead " the government 's second - in - command " maung aye " host the event this . lyon 2 ( 23rd , 30th ) 0 . the strasbourg - base rule gay organizer nikolai alexeyev be discriminate base on sexual orientation .
montevideo " found by the in as a " take advantage of its natural harbor to become important commercial center . lead result in index and end slightly weak active be unchanged on nearly a million share trade . it valenzuela will meet with student at a university in ecuador " the university " and deliver a on u.s. foreign at the latin american for . foreign ibrahim sign up for the to a successor to mohammad khatami .
childhood obesity affect child in most country in the world accord to the international obesity task force . israeli have kill two palestinian attack a between the strip and . during televise announcement " the 74-year - old petkoff " the " division and fear can not continue . " british foreign malcolm rifkind on tuesday from pakistan government would only take the plan gather in london british law be break . in a limit , specify the price at which be willing to buy , as oppose to a market execute at prevail price .
the resolution " by consensus a " blame - government militia and rebel in darfur for the . york 59 69 21 world number one man 's tennis hewitt of have number two andy roddick of the state to the final of the tennis master cup tournament in houston " texas . ------------------------ the union have warn saudi arabia it will take at the world trade " if the support a widen muslim boycott of danish product .
sunday " in syria " mr. armitage damascus have improve its with iraq . merck be thousand of other lawsuit over . u.s. official wali be a suspect in frequent attack on the . heavy rain could fall in of " with to 25 centimeter in the western and region . the other final of the night , the woman 's point race , end in success for the reign . city fail it three bomb more
us michael describe tuesday 's agreement as important moment in bilateral relation between the two nation " add it be a key in advance non - proliferation goal . mexico be catch in a rise wave of violence as drug cartel battle for territory and fight a lead by felipe calderon " have ten of thousand of and police across mexico to try to the violence . the flood overturn car and truck " and be catch in the branch of . the epicenter of 's 7.9 magnitude earthquake be in sichuan " and most of the death from the quake be in the province . the firm be the fourth - large of its kind in the world and gain at port it in asia " " and part of .
" the from 's eastern province of . the meeting focus on u.s. limit on import to protect american clothing manufacturer from - cost competition . the ( eu ) scientific and committee to examine it , " gerard . halftime 0 - 0 . the elephant into in village this week she be asleep , .
market in london and paris be up 5 and 6 percent " frankfurt be down nearly 2 percent . and iraqi militant group a on the internet it show the kill of american hostage ronald allen schultz " be abduct this month . iran 's ayatollah ali khamenei the state and be country 's main . most of those charge be of a police company in the u.s. state of . moodie " rank 86th in the world " four match point to american sam " 02-jun " 07-jun " 07-jun .
1991 " the country seek to gradually lessen its dependence on develop its mineral and reserve . guingamp 2 1 a recent " son of - legend " kick this 's concert series " the of " nigeria to downtown los angele . the militant have be rocket from the area " despite to such attack . 's foreign ministry be urge its citizen not travel to iraq in the wake of the recent kidnapping of eight national iraqi insurgent .
the set point confusion at the net on the point , which be to the two shot at close quarter at the net . official gamsakhurdia be in custody be arrest late at the tbilisi . with army of volunteer ready to help tourist " thousand of police on " and floral display provide a " hop to over the world with its makeover . scientist van der the show vaccination the of chicken with avian flu as as the of healthy chicken . the man be identify as a bodyguard at mr. 's in the iraqi capital .
a man claim to be a local taleban call news agency " the kidnapper be demand the of taleban prisoner in for the five hostage . it be not clear the bomb have be inside the car under it . fatah gunman fire shot in the air today from the roof of the palestinian parliament build in the west bank town of ramallah " demand the of fatah . u.n. - ban ki - moon be there " with nicolas sarkozy and iranian ahmadinejad . the bank of drain 3.9 billion franc at a tender on to allocate fund for injection into the money market on tuesday .
they call the file effort to the inquiry into the case . the area be a of mehsud " a and al - qaida want by pakistan and the united state . describe the move as extraction tax " it would create $ 1 billion in state revenue . israeli ariel sharon have restate refusal to a national referendum on gaza withdrawal plan " likud referendum call be a stall tactic by of the plan . the from the republican be one of disdain .
u.n. - kofi annan will wait to read a report due week from detlev mehlis before to the probe to december " as request week by lebanese lawmaker . decline to compare the insurgency in iraq with the one in vietnam as a navy lieutenant 30 ago . the boeing 737 " by private airline kam air " vanish from the radar screen thursday as it be approach kabul during a blizzard . mr. kerik once as new york city police commissioner under new york mayor . aide close to the pakistan muslim ( n ) will meet to to stay in the coalition with the pakistan people 's .
's have today 's mission update . pakistan 's can not be independently verify because access to the area be limited . stanst have be designate as the prefer option for handle hijacking in southern because it be more than heathrow and gatwick , london 's two major , and handle less air traffic . mr. djindjic be one of the of the - democracy movement yugoslav slobodan milosevic in . abc news poll on tuesday show bill 's lead over republican challenger bob dole to 15 point in advance of the nov. 5 .
mark heavy snow " ice and fog saturday and sunday cause deadly road accident and outage . when the clerk the cash " the man out a gun and for the cash in the register " which the clerk promptly provide . police 's arrest in the suburb of the capital be of begin july when two kurds be arrest in paris try to " 2 euro ( $ " 2 ) in cash into other currency . outgo deputy of state armitage be slat to meet with foreign abdullah gul as well as lawmaker and turkey 's army - of - staff .
mr. obrador be currently lead most opinion poll . western the new agreement to have avert a showdown with the iaea over iran 's demand to exempt 20 nuclear centrifuge from a pact earlier with european government . hurricane edouard grow on saturday as it swirl across the atlantic ocean , forecaster at the national hurricane center the would likely swing north and miss the caribbean . kenya 's mwai kibaki will take decisive action within in the multi - million - dollar scandal rock government . in cleveland , 's two - out single in the top of the 10th with the run as the milwaukee brewer send the cleveland indians to their third extra - inning 4 - 3 .
" the news be , if you be not skilled and ca n't contribute to a , to and the 's goal , you 'll be pay less . " do not a seat in the march 7 parliamentary in which mr. allawi 's iraqiya the most . the state and the union have call for great participation on the committee " which have four month to write a permanent constitution before a referendum set for october . for the rest of the country " the government be plan to have sufficient train and equipped iraqi force by the end of 2007 - perhaps 2008 . have be schedule to meet tuesday at the white .
mr. sharon remain and in serious condition . hurricane katrina have batter southern florida with wind and heavy rain " least three people dead move out over the gulf of mexico . mr. 's trip be to a mark the return to of century - old book soviet during world war . -docstart- the hour of debate as the socialist the extension unnecessary because the violence be abate .
almost entirely paralyze , reeve undergo extensive surgery to the vertebra to the of the skull and further to . earlier this week " foreign sergei lavrov moscow oppose the deployment of union monitor in the region . bolivians demand the nationalization of the country 's energy industry have take over several oil belong to a oil company . official the protest have interrupt the " have be the facility . foreign downer call the iraqi official 's " . "
mughani the hamas - lead force him to sign agreement to resign duty and to remain in gaza . the sharon government hop to implement its plan by " over from israeli nationalist . mr. begin " while syrian continue to redeploy in eastern " in the stage of a withdrawal from the country . a report issue by the south african government indicate more than six million people in the country be hiv - " a much than previously think . china have report flock of bird flu - infect fowl - its ninth outbreak in a month .
u.s. official the crash late friday occur during combat in kunar province . as a family band in west africa " want to use not just as entertainment " to address development issue in the region . the move be in response to a 2004 rule by the international of justice " which texas official fail to notify the of to talk to consular official shortly after arrest . a state statement in part a response to cuban be the accord by fail to return some of the cubans in recent migration . earlier " a member of the cabinet " " the transition process take as many as 17 month .
the african union have to somalia to replace the ethiopian force " which plan to withdraw . -- the nuclear " ali larijani " have as aide to ayatollah ali khamenei and be know as a conservative . have a " largely free - market economy with per capita output roughly of " belgium " the " and sweden . financial - banking " fund management " insurance - for 23 % of employment and 55 % of total income in this tiny " prosperous channel island economy .
the pirate ship the fire warn shot " and the crew effectively surrender . a u.s .- push the taleban from in 2001 " member of the extremist group continue to fight and foreign force the kabul government . zeng and sign 17 bilateral agreement and cooperation in mining " oil and gas project " as well as technological partnership . india 's tata motor have begin equipment from its " cheap car " factory in eastern india " resolution in a land dispute . revenue to $ 3 billion from $ 3.2 billion .
the treasury announce it be freeze asset by khalaf under u.s. jurisdiction " and be prohibit american citizen from do business with . scientist the earthquake 's epicenter be 150 below the earth 's surface . pakistani have in london for talk with on terrorism " trade and the situation in afghanistan . official the man be blindfolded and shoot by a squad . however " do protect u.s. system be something have to be consider .
follow crucial victory in the democratic u.s. in ( the of ) pennsylvania " she be still the good to the presumptive republican nominee " john " in the . " you do me a injustice " " the " with a pair of tear . there have be claim of responsibility . , ireland 1996 - 08 - 29 despite be the small country in central " el salvador have the third large economy in the region .
the regional group together bahrain " kuwait " oman " " saudi arabia and the . " there will be on the whole a slightly upward climb , with our economic growth rate , " in reference to the property market . iraq 's one of hussein 's close aide " ali hassan al - majid - good know as chemical ali - will be the member of the oust to go on trial for war . witness between one and three car bomber drive up to a and explode vehicle . the industry be at - genetic test .
earlier this month " syria international isolation because of what call its failure to fighter from its into iraq . u.s. lawmaker be consider to punish for its trade gap with the state . authority in and morocco close tuesday " as ash from volcano once again air travel . nearly 40 palestinians have be kill begin its campaign week . sweden 's om to london forest product bourse .
the head of the u.n. refugee agency 's local " nassif two boat carry some migrant capsize in the red sea . zebari " be in tehran for ministerial meeting " the - have displace hundred of kurds and threaten iraqi relation with iran . the dalai lama urge buddhist member of burma 's government to use the 's teaching of " compassion " and " love " when such situation of . the government will the remain half . greek conservative democracy pick bold / ogilvy and mather company for its - campaign and spot thomson to help miltiadis evert on communication strategy , it in a statement .
spur by foe 's five before , len and foe hit the in the second on header . what it down to be this : if you be skilled , you 'll . the junta reportedly have she will have access to physician . be vacation in the u.s. pacific state of hawaii " two week ahead of the democratic national convention " where and run mate will be nominate . they be hand over as part of a 2003 peace pact between the colombian government and the united self - defense force of colombia " .
gore a roar labor rally of 1,000 union worker dole and gingrich be the virtual of evil , even mention housing jack kemp be dole 's run mate . undergo a procedure in february to ease breathe difficulty . more than 170 people " at least 97 lebanese soldier " have be kill the begin 20th . in jeddah " long consider of the country 's most liberal city " voter . law prohibit american from combat with force .
so " trial date have be set . game play on ( tabulate under the u.s. champion " disturbia " rank a distant second with $ 5.7 million in box gross . 1 . max van heeswijk ( ) motorola 4 hour 39 white scott mcclellan in a statement friday mr. look to palestinian effort to improve governance " revive the economy " institute reform " and fight terror .
a u.s. have find a guilty of assault detainee " later die of injury . kwan take herself the be the most difficult decision she have ever have to make . there be immediate report of injury . they ne our love and compassion . " bolivian evo be to attend the for talk with counterpart luiz inacio lula da silva to the price of gas export to brazil .
-docstart- mr. on the nuclear non - proliferation treaty be not enough and " joint " tough inspection rule . 5 . capiot 5 the american western have eight of 15 game at , the as the with a record at the a.l. central ' . will the remain 10 seat .
the lra be originally from uganda have evolve into a roam band of fighter cause terror across central africa . kurds in turkey begin a campaign for homeland in the in 1984 . the soldier shoot the militant after attack israeli patrol . " can look on a week of remarkable , " , even a reference to the republican majority in the and senate . african be mourn pope john " while teaching and in the significant growth of the on the african continent .
official they issue 114 expulsion as of the same . 's be meet at the white friday for talk on bilateral and global issue . the official news agency sunday be undergo a final official review " and should be clear to begin nov. 20 . man haiti in march to international attention on economic to the caribbean country . in lawsuit " pearl allege bank limited knowingly provide financial to charity link to extremist group .
official militant have hang five in southern afghanistan as a public warn to other . beauty be - profile personality in and machado 's allege problem front page news this week . the legislative could lead to the disclosure of sensitive matter . the the late phase be " begin " and promise the situation in afghanistan will be reassess in december . be in " illinois on 4 february 1921 .
do not continue as the army . mr. meet the white . case have international because williams be the author of a series of child 's book warn young people the danger of gang . during the search a battle in which several suspect militant . the government 's development strategy center on create and cluster of development in sector .
more than people have be kill in violence between the minority and the majority hutus 1993 . sun themselves the old " two - lane state road through the " and be diminish be still . a palestinian interior ministry accuse in the at the refugee . the and apple - dispute as to which be the most beautiful . mr. dr. molina 's family in cuba .
" a date 12 be on the internet and attribute to the ansar al - sunna militant group . mr. mahathir be report as believe will use as a proxy to attack tehran . u.s. forecaster the 's wind strengthen on tuesday morning to nearly 150 per hour . from paris " lisa bryant report for the arrest mark a further for member of . the government for what call its " secure " over the past four which increase on the world stage .
mr. karzai the u.n. assembly a prosperous afghanistan as ultimate . au the soldier be hurt when a roadside bomb explode near au vehicle . game play on ( tabulate under - , draw , lose , goal for , goal , point ) : - editorial lambast jalal talabani , of a kurdish rebel faction in the north , for with iran in its fight . take a one - break in talk miss 's draft deadline .
it be not how many live in the nation and to what extent can practice . interior and , intelligence - in 's , seal the closer link during talk in warsaw . in addition " will in the reorganize company " which will be name ranger industry . militant accuse the man of work with u.s. force across the in afghanistan . official land mine bomb still kill hundred of afghans every .
result of division local official in pakistan 's northern tribal region the late sunday when the helicopter into pakistan 's north waziristan district . have host " " to the round of man 's curl at the . moreno call the bridge " as american as apple " - expression common in the u.s. to something be certainly american - even though it do not connect to dry land . launch the strike sunday fire rocket from into southern on friday .
arafat declare war on palestinians . guillaume raoux ( ) vs. filip dewulf ( belgium ) speculation rubin not stay in after future cabinet during television at the democratic convention in chicago this week . the fourth soldier be kill by indirect fire during a in western baghdad . u.s. be close to finish work on a compromise budget bill money for the u.s .- lead war in iraq " a deadline to withdraw the .
while medvedev 's past fleurian be rather ordinary , the fact the two be play each other be rather remarkable . 7 . alexandre ( ukraine ) 67 pakistan 's raza gilani government will not fall " despite the plan mqm move . most have be charge " trial . the brief one after defense " in kuwait " be by why vehicle be not adequately protect .
shortly before down in late 2003 after 22 in " mr. mahathir remark " jews rule the world by proxy " " set a of international criticism . mr. stronach " founder and control shareholder of magna " resign as to seek " unsuccessfully " a seat in canada 's parliament . a u.s. judge have order the to by 15 polar bear in alaska should be on the specie because of global warm . the national assembly will be in for 10 month and will draft a new constitution . a huge number of non - manufacturing business " everything from shop to airline " and make up the majority of activity in the u.s. economy .
mr. will be seek third term in " follow landslide victory in 1997 and 2001 . haitian rene preval have official with the inter - american development bank to be the country 's . u.n. special envoy terje roed - larsen have meet with syrian bashar al - assad to international demand for a full and rapid withdrawal of syrian from . the rebel they be fight on behalf of people and landless laborer . follow the meet " the - level a tank base on the outskirt of havana " where member be give detail on the structure " mission and history of the facility .
-docstart- the economy be heavily dependent on the extraction and processing of mineral for . in the country 's late mine accident " some people be underground when the blast occur " 27 later escape . pakistan the of its paramilitary frontier corps be when helicopter under rocket attack in troubled baluchistan province . dejan savicevic equalise for the , past a , and fire in a - foot shoot in the young fiorentina goalkeeper francesco little chance .
speak to iraq 's national council " the a aide of want musab al - have be kill and two other have be capture . the retaliate " kill the militant and destroy hideout near natural gas installation in the area . a month by eu farm commissioner franz fischler to ban sheep brain , spleen and spinal cord from the and animal food chain be a specific and precautionary move to protect health . florida at st louis indonesian authority blame azahari husin for orchestrate month 's attack in as well as the 2002 bombing kill more than people .
mr. hwang have allegation of ethical . the missile " develop india " be friday from a ship " the " in the bay of bengal the coast of orissa . , august 29th the law california the u.s. to move beyond the government and impose its greenhouse gas limit . and other world be welcome the formation of iraqi government " month the country 's parliamentary . iraq more
-docstart- she make the on the way to the state after asian " just after north korea announce it will end a yearlong boycott and return to disarmament talk july 25 . the combination be the time a treatment have be recommend for late - stage cervical cancer . official police seal the main road saturday in the central gaza town of younis . " i realise this , percent of your into tennis , i do n't think you can successful , " the 22-year - old medvedev .
a u.s. embassy in riyadh specter , from neighbour oman on sunday and on , have talk with saudi and american official in dhahran , where 19 u.s. airman be kill by a fuel truck bomb on june 25 , and riyadh . and u.s. official one soldier in a battle in mosul . claim jerusalem as its capital " want east jerusalem as the capital of a state . the dalai lama john for mission to peace to the world and frequent travel " despite the pontiff 's fail health . this seal the division of my country . "
croatian janica kostelic " the world cup overall " the a mere ( ) . 8 equal . begin to to " other . pakistan " a key u.s. in the war " have " 80 to its tribal region to root out foreign militant and local . the island host 2.4 visitor in 2008 . city it three iraq more
least 1.5 cambodian from execution " force hardship " starvation during the rouge under pol pot . the 's and the meet to of mutual related to development in the mideast region . ford be the world 's third - large automaker . dravid 's knock contain seven boundary . -docstart- iraq
a u.s. television network " " report the drone attack earlier this week . in a today " authority at least two iraqi soldier be kill and two other when a roadside bomb strike patrol near the iranian in diyala province . dushevina " rank in the world " meet champion amelie mauresmo of in the second round . the report blame the failure in iraq on to collect good information " in analysis " and a failure to make clear how much of analysis be base on assumption rather than evidence . saturday " jacque be to lead the traditional armistice ceremony in paris .
south africa 's government will look into report on zimbabwe 's " which detail serious . earlier this week " rangel country be buy the weapon to its national and the purchase not concern . be hop the asean nation can convince rangoon to let him return to burma " which in . twelve nepalese soldier fly into the central town of el - obeid " one of the main center for aid agency work in the south . murray oust third - seed american ginepri ( 04-jun " 06-apr " 06-mar ) .
earlier this week " israeli benjamin netanyahu announce will be cooperate with a probe into the flotilla order by united nation ban ki - moon . pakistan and there be go on in the area would into pakistan . st helens secure the two point they need in the game of the at road to first since and first double since 1966 . the quote three official " speak on condition of anonymity " as the white be look for material to strengthen its argument the 62-year - old mr. elbaradei should be retire . western nation fear iran will use the enrichment process to develop nuclear weapon .
many the u.s. economy be close to a not already in . 4 . pauline ( bahamas ) young 9 1 0 8 6 19 3 official the have cost $ billion . in recent " mr. have in many sector " " communication " electricity " and banking . iraq
the typhoon kill one person in before it china 's . find guilty " blonska would be strip of and could be subject to a lifetime ban . as " mutharika have some economic improvement . psg mate , now play for english premier newcastle , be influential in move to scotland . journalist in kenya and abroad be urge mwai kibaki to legislation could require reporter to news source .
germans could find out will be 's coalition talk between gerhard schroeder and conservative . mr. have the u.s. respect the sovereignty of iran " and be not interfere in its . george w. one of the main issue under discussion be how to make more to the concern of the member country . somali pirate more than 40 ship during 2008 " million of dollar in payment .
a pakistani army the news agency helicopter could fly in quake - stricken kashmir because of rain and cloud . unq unq in with in " mr. sudan people army ( ) would be alongside african union . a of " bible reading and prayer follow . " have be .
iraqi be struggle to agreement on a constitution before a deadline " as hundred march to demand for a government . embrace many of the recommendation from the investigate the september 11 attack " the the legislation present a clear and towards need intelligence reform . the united nation report heavy fight between ugandan rebel and a joint u.n .- congolese force in the eastern democratic republic of congo . three u.s. marines and three iraqi civilian be . meanwhile " " mr. yanukovych " mr. .
the number of people sign up for unemployment slightly - by to a total of " 6 - week . mr. agreement with india during trip " to share civilian nuclear energy technology in for india its nuclear program in with the international energy agency ( iaea ) . 9 . lamont ( u.s. ) 6 3 1 2 9 5 10 the date of 's be determine by official .
some oil - import nation more oil would help ease price " official the market be - with crude . indonesians be 's recent on several hundred thousand migrant worker from indonesia . mr. berlusconi have summon the american in rome for explanation of the . zoellick be expect to be as world bank month . in this small " landlocked economy " subsistence occupy approximately 70 % of the population .
the company have organise regular auction of its share to create orderly in the . the increase be drive record - oil price which time of $ a barrel on 3 . central division two publish on of daniel ducruet , princess stephanie of 's husband and bodyguard , cavort with woman a in . ant " go to a river to " fall in " and be in the stream .
the world disagree , shower more than 80 national and international honour on the , jewel of india , the country 's civilian . au official the will several week . the on the internet show a man wear a u.s. uniform . the iranian the allegation be attempt by to affect the board 's decision . the white mr. want to personally welcome sarah shourd to the state follow more than long detention .
hansen the record of until japanese smash it by nearly on 7 ( ) . -docstart- das have be accuse of in the past . in senate be as a " prairie populist " , work on legislation protect farmer ' price and on compensate sicken by agent orange spray in the vietnam war . the group international be fast emerge as of the world 's " most and irresponsible arm exporter .
three woman be those kill . official the pipeline will have the capacity to pump 14 million cubic meter of natural gas daily from colombia to . tally for the two entry in the series . china its trade with africa by 43 percent during the 11 month of this . u.n. - kofi help broker a peace deal a - sharing agreement between mr. kibaki and raila odinga .
rescue be continue to search the rubble for and . jean - van gastel be name to make in the 18-man squad . goat just sufficient food to keep alive " feed the stranger more in the of entice to stay with him and of make . the have end a blockade on government building . , u.s. embassy in jakarta , 700 km ( mile ) west of , the tuesday morning attack .
-docstart- the u.n. resident in tajikistan " michael " launch the appeal to provide relief to the thousand affect the 7 flash flood in the town of and surround district . kosovo be expect to consider the nomination week . and u.s. force undertake the to insurgent from the near the pakistani . zimbabwe 's rule have suspend six official from for five " expose unprecedented struggle within zanu - pf .
north korea it have send its to " amid a of attempt to ease on the korean peninsula . as 's george dwyer report the film be offer viewer some important " and transformation . thousand of moslem refugee denounce 's as a farce on sunday because serb would be able to vote in old town , cement partition of the country . voter registration in north - central iraq be up 17 percent " which translate to " 4 new voter . relative of the marines kill have grief and anger " some call for to withdraw the from iraq " while other the death only reaffirm support for the war .
the theory attempt to how people strategic and - decision on matter range from trade dispute " " and war to as theater seat . 's parliament have legislation the country 's a basis for attack the island move toward declare independence . " moura physically and verbally provoke cyprien during the match . in the third meri 52 and . result of a scottish third iraq city more
between turks and kurds have increase the kurdistan worker ' " pkk " call a yearlong - fire in . dividend payable october 8 burma be as a province of india until 1937 when it a " self - govern ; independence from the commonwealth be attain in 1948 . the island in recent have a serious loss of population because of emigration to zealand . democratic atambayev address supporter be on .
" i have pay too for mix two , " tapie . " turkey previously find people test for bird flu " three child from the same family in a village near van week . a deputy governor have be shoot and in the late violence to strife - tear southern thailand . the man be sentence to lengthy jail term on charge with the state to overthrow fidel . want more and from in return for region 's natural resource .
houston 5 chicago 4 ( 11 ) more of the case have occur in public school . mexican force have be engage in a brutal struggle the country 's drug cartel . mr. have double - standard in to fight terrorism harbor a want criminal . abduction follow 's egypt the nation to establish full diplomatic with iraq 's government .
during trip " the pope repeatedly refer to the sexual abuse scandal have the u.s. . be expect to meet with before travel to hiroshima . fight between suspect taleban rebel and u.s .- coalition and have seven insurgent dead " while a rebel attack on a clinic a doctor and six colleague dead . the sport daily l'equipe have name swiss tennis its " champion of champion " for 2005 . jankovic " a paramilitary have be a fugitive for more than five " turn himself in to bosnian serb authority sunday in the town of .
mr. jackson 's lawyer have the of the 's mother " she file false income return and try to extort money from other celebrity . authority be concerned violence by supporter in pakistan will spill across the into india . british john perry " be the current of the council " representative of 15 member nation will kosovo later this month . negroponte accuse mr. of million of dollar on what call extravagant foreign " at the expense of the people . you be a true example for the nation , " .
private sector initiative and a sector be in the stage of development . indian opener singh sidhu be on sunday a ban from international cricket for quit this 's of , the of india . the charge kill iraqi . will the u.s. gulf coast sunday as the region continue to clean - up from hurricane katrina . week " peru recall its to japan a japanese consular official in chile mr. fujimori in jail .
at the tribunal in the hague " in a decision " mr. haradinaj to in such activity if u.n. in kosovo approve participation on a case - by - case basis . be up from 42 percent in 2009 . score the fourth goal when tap in a rebound just one from time . colombia be the world 's large producer of cocaine " most of which be ship to the state . in the rule , the sec technology have improve , practice still work ' good interest .
, in the offer , the name would retain to litigation , . the by remark it be " dishonest and reprehensible " for some u.s. to purposely mislead the american people into the iraq war . there be just so much on it . pakistani official the suspect mastermind of the plot uncover in london week to up u.s .- bind airplane be hide in a mountainous region of afghanistan . one morning " when the command hear on the radio a be expect just after noon " send the band scramble to the flight line with instrument .
long - term prospect will depend on world oil price " the location of oil and gas pipeline in the region " and azerbaijan 's ability to manage its energy wealth to sustainable growth in - energy sector of the economy and spur employment . on a per capita basis " income have stagnate level . friday " the world health a - - old girl have become the 23rd person in indonesia to of the h5n1 of bird flu . 69 cocere ( ) , raymond , allenby other people with minor injury be be treat the scene .
market auction trader unfortunately for mr. " japan have ban the on public street . some be take up position on the roof . senior official have hayden be to replace " announce on friday . oil price be due to the u.s. dollar 's in value " compare to other currency " and investment in commodity .
the on loss be on a government survey of ten of thousand of household . this 's session be attend by more than two thousand advisor from across the country . royal down " and official salim al - would replace him . what many other country believe " when complain week what describe as the almost use of u.s. force . snow " freeze rain " wind and record temperature in be claim and for travel across the continent .
( germany ) , cejka ( germany ) , hal sutton , lehman mr. have be in a struggle with hamas the militant group take control of the palestinian authority earlier this . it be by nobel peace winner , retire desmond tutu . even if have minor evidence " would have punish . mr. allawi have discover a grave contain 500 .
mr. allawi be the first to officially announce candidacy " appeal to the country 's diverse ethnic and religious group . taiwan chen shui - bian recently raise cross - strait by scrap guideline and a group dedicated to taiwan 's eventual unification with china . official there the 15-year - old girl 's death to 73 the number of people in indonesia have die from the h5n1 strain . a : " ' ve have sort of protest at the head and the 's . local police the explosion in rawalpindi to be a attack .
meanwhile " the interfax news agency on sunday quote an yukos board member as law enforcement agency be conduct late - night search of the and of dozen of and middle - level yukos manager . the u.s. discover wood and an iraqi hostage during a routine search in baghdad . the iranian mock what call mr. 's desire to attack iran " the u.s. will not be able to harm " even one centimeter " of the country . the offer new 's greeting to people in taiwan " and would seek peaceful with the island " which china as a territory . at trent bridge : nottinghamshire 392 - 6 ( g. archer 143 not
" the for and cooperation in shock at the attack and it expect a swift . the west iran be secretly try to develop nuclear weapon . java be a computer programming language introduce by sun in which have capture the attention of the industry for its ability to across virtually computer system in a relatively secure manner . omar dismiss a by and pakistani official to tribal council on of to end the violence . radio report iranian - bear katsav speak in native with iranian mohammad khatami .
critic across the spectrum the plan be a from democracy . ues official week the board have not yet approve the final version of its application to the u.s. security and to issue adr . " the girl they go to belgium voluntarily and the police suspect they be use to in pornographic film . " the be trigger when hamas security force try to protest by policeman demand the payment of salary from the hamas - lead government . cuban fidel have at a special session of parliament for the first time since 2006 " when cede to young " raul .
the york times of state condoleezza iraq 's jalal talabani on friday to urge the government be form as as . income statement datum : while 's scientist , some for month , carry on develop of resistant to ukraine 's extreme continental climate , the lack of cash in ukraine 's agricultural sector be as as the drought . earlier today " the iraqi meet with iranian foreign manouchehr and assure tehran a u.s .- iraq agreement will not harm iran . the death toll from the cyclone be " 3 .
the number of passenger remain unknown " witness the boat be overcrowded with at least people . jerusalem 1996 - 08 - 25 taleban militant have attack a convoy in southern afghanistan " kill up to 13 guard and other work for a private firm . the pact be initially approve between and peruvian garcia " democrats in force u.s. official to reopen negotiation and add labor and environmental provision . colombian police have a parcel bomb deliver to the of a lawmaker with .
damascus insist it have role in the murder . scotland manager brown on : " i ' watch duncan ferguson in twice recently and 's bang in form . i think the decision ( to ) be to be take it be .. as the disaster in south continue to unfold " million of people be turn to the internet for news update - to search for miss relative . the foreclosure have worsen despite by some lender and the government to help borrower manage mortgage payment .
mr. fox be address a meet of the utah state legislature . official in ivory coast least four people have be kill by a group of armed man attack a police in the country 's main city . a national shopping group " . " report friday 's total $ 8 billion " down percent from . 129 karlsson ( sweden ) 67 62 and cuba have sign agreement as jintao continue to havana .
sachin mark as indian with a patient on , be by opener sanath jayasuriya whose 120 steer the world champion to a nine - wicket singer cup . division summary on result from the niger 's parliamentary " " have not be announce . of japan " the " zealand " singapore " germany " and other nation around the globe have condemn the attack . -docstart-
will not tolerate medium outlet support effort to him from . a " yousuf ahmadi " the news agency militant carry out the attack and kill two american soldier and several police . some " 30 protester march through the city for two hour " urge the government to parliament and punish those responsible for last 's cripple protest . they be believe to have be carry out by u.s. - control aircraft . senator and democratic - nominee joseph lieberman be republican senator john mccain 's bid .
kharrazi speak to reporter at the hague " if the two fail to resolve the friday " then tehran " will have choice " to restart its enrichment program . a for iraq 's government have call " mainly by sunni and kurdish group " to postpone the country 's first national . the majority in the u.s. of representative turn himself in to authority to charge of money launder and conspiracy . in a report issue week " u.n. kofi annan warn the area could attract more armed group " and rebel try to destabilize government in the region . california 2 0
mushtaq c crawley b mullally 2 u.n. official burma 's government have to let outside donor pay local company in dollar rather than via the official foreign certificate . the of the caribbean slave trade " curacao be the abolition of slavery in 1863 . unemployment remain and outdated infrastructure have constrain growth . north korea the have conduct some over the country this month .
accord to the united nation the fight have displace " 1 people . u.n. - kofi annan have the until december 15 . the united nation be begin a formal inquiry into the assassination of pakistani . the girl , , suffer from a " " on the of , a condition have only be report a few time in journal , the st. child 's hospital . " do not have money for fertiliser , be in debt for fuel , and be borrow diesel , " odnosum .
more than half of be generate through the sector " 45 % of bangladeshis be employ in the agriculture sector " with as the single - most - important product . the state and china have annual talk on economic issue " with seek to china 's economy and financial market . week " agree to buy a control in the country 's large private electric company . state be to meet with british gordon brown and british foreign miliband . kathmandu 1996 - 08 - 27
the death toll from violence in sudan follow the death of rebel and john have surpass 100 . , for , & . i i seek to avoid the because i do not want to become the . the nine - member council have approve 30 for the round of . the accuse be the suspect of the al - qaida cell - - bear imad .
" mr. warn the price of oil soar the state take iran . colombia be of the three country emerge from the collapse of gran colombia in 1830 ( the other be ecuador and ) . authority death have be report in several region " the province of and . nikolai warn have the ability to resume build and short - range missile the kremlin drop out of arm treaty with the state . authority find a sign near some of the : " for every of mine you kill " i kill 10 . "
somalia 's transitional government have sign a multi - million dollar deal with a u.s. maritime firm to fight piracy . white scott mcclellan friday the will meet with in the colombian resort town of cartagena on 22 . mohammad dahman , of the - base support association , be on tuesday be charge . move to jordan in . the dominant issue continue to be the relationship between taiwan and china - specifically the of taiwan 's eventual - as as and economic reform .
burns and saran be to continue talk on friday . official with the united nation environmental program tuesday local on island in the northern of the archipelago complete move inland in august . make a irish to a northern ireland peace process be force to drop ballybunion from a pack schedule at the . rebel in eastern sudan government war plane have be bombing a rebel area near the with eritrea " several people . - seed ivan ljubicic of have break spaniard moya 's on the tennis tournament by the two - time champion 07-jun " 06-feb in the match in india .
ntawukulilyayo be arrest in in 2007 and later to the u.n. detention facility in to charge . three be in a satisfactory condition in hospital . palestinian have fire three security official after militant break the ceasefire with and fire at settlement in the gaza strip . a new report from the commerce show the deficit at $ billion in april " a slight increase from the month . south africa be there " do not bother to observe the properly .
the seek the the trial in baghdad hassan al - majid and the other four official . do not when the arrest take place . mixed " follow gain in and hong kong . a relief agency official sunday the air control contact with the aircraft friday as it into airspace not long take from peshawar " pakistan . swiss grand world cup cycling race on sunday :
the official xinhua news agency register more than " 22 new vehicle in the first of this year . seed jim courier withdraw because of a bruise knee , and 1988 champion bow out due to a groin , organiser . almere , 1996 - 08 - 28 in 2010 " the senegalese people protest frequent cut . a white disapprove of what a lead broadcaster israeli ariel sharon .
the u.n. have adopt a resolution condemn abuse in sudan 's troubled darfur region . " 7 u.n. peacekeeper have be to widespread violence in haiti . " iraq 's box from the january 30th ne to be recount and it be not ready to announce the final result " which be expect today . as editor of the tal " have be a steady critic of the government . mr. gutierrez have be at the 's since ouster on .
reserve alan greenspan write in memoir to be on be " it be politically to acknowledge what everyone know - the iraq war be largely oil . " the be design to bolster brown 's credential to succeed tony blair " have plan to down within the . hamas cleric jail in hospitalise briefly . be an increase of 30 cent a liter in the past . never soar aloft on an enemy 's .
mr. be the late senior official in 's government to . by the uk in " hong kong be cede by china the follow ; various adjacent land be add later in the 19th century . feather be down . however " take " strategy have exacerbate racial and economic between the population of the andean west and the - community of the eastern lowland . building frequently collapse in egypt because of maintenance and construction in of .
mr. and mr. meet the in march " and to begin negotiation on a trade agreement . it in tonne of british mutton , 10 percent of overall import . authority believe the be kidnap iraqi soldier . the attack take place late friday in the district of western farah . sponsorship of the be boom " as company seek 1.3 billion and the world large . iraq city more
mr. preval be of haiti from 1996 to 2001 . be expect to from the panel on the 's policy on iran " which be grow international pressure to abandon its nuclear program . mr. have strongly criticize the british for should respect the rule of the international community . nato - jaap hoop scheffer the number of personnel will increase from its current level of 60 to . and international effort to mediate a resolution to the have not yield a deal as of mid april .
ruch chorzow 6 - 1 on aggregate r. croft c ijaz b 6 south korea 's government tuesday unveil a - call green creation plan " expect to create " 9 . it be anxious time for the family of several western hostage be in iraq - they be await news on the of love one . a british quote britain 's in baghdad as the - out of british from iraq could begin in a matter of month " with a final withdrawal by mid-2008 .
11 . johnny herbert ( britain ) sauber police lead the " arrest bulgarian national in italy " " " and germany . the anti - drug in kabul with nation expert the opium pose to afghanistan and surround nation . old mathematician ; just some of function . phil spector " a pop producer famed for " wall of sound " technique " be accuse of the fatal 2003 shoot of lana clarkson .
, august 24th schedule accord to the electoral " akitani - just over 38 percent of the . a police official the attack occur in iskandariyah " 60 south of baghdad . mr. the law " which would authority to deport extremist " the july 7 bombing in london kill 52 people . recep tayyip the statement tuesday during a campaign appearance in southern turkey .
have earlier country do not plan to into its budget to increase fund for relief effort . the council approve death sentence month . - moshe ( 10th ) , nissan ( 26th ) , know what will in the later stage ? " thiel have manage to get most of the 100 1948 to attend the meet , which be be in the stadium where owens four gold 60 ago at the berlin .
group subsequently single out and romania as site for such facility . as a result of heavy from the fund " the government virtual bankruptcy . it a dog have get a of meat and be carry it in mouth to eat it in peace . the 58-year - old singer / songwriter - three ago earn a slot in the rock and roll hall of fame - don " michael " irving " bobby " and in the class of 2007 . of the virus have be hit flock throughout asia " and more than people in asia have from exposure to the virus since 2003 .
the bank warn profit growth would slow in the half , the increase in profit growth in the period of and increase investment . in the city kill least 80 people " mostly " in reprisal for rioting christians in nigeria 's largely north . reserve ( $ mln ) jul + + + - in toronto , pat toss a five - for fifth consecutive complete game and three drive in two run apiece as the toronto blue jays the twin 6 - 1 for ninth in 11 game .
greek " be allow to the union under a complicated set of rule for the divide island . a iranian lawmaker ayatollah ali khamenei play a role in parliament 's approval of nominee for ahmadinejad 's cabinet . defense anatoly hrytsenko 700 of ukraine 's more than " 1 in iraq could be withdraw by april . authority in greece have send police to a tourist attraction after strike government worker shut down the for a second . 2 . brown ( u.s. )
in a similar month " a bomber strike a police forensic lab in baghdad " kill 22 people . in 2005 " the government a hydrocarbon law impose significantly and require foreign firm then under risk - share to surrender production to the state energy company in for a fee . - - old nick on the reality tv show know best with father " mother " and sister . niger 's government it will compensate farmer $ 1.8 ( " 1 franc ) for every bird destroy when the cull process begin . nicolas have repeatedly largely - muslim turkey be offer a privileged partnership rather than full membership .
" mr. be in syria for landmark talk with syrian bashar al - assad to plan for future peace effort with . mr. the institute in 2001 have $ billion into the hand of american citizen . the state have offer to talk with iran if it first agree to suspend enrichment . ukrainian authority 19 people " two child " be dead and at least 24 be miss after explosion at build in the crimean resort town of yevpatoria . estonia 's parliament fail for a second time to a on tuesday , deal a to incumbent lennart meri and push the country towards stalemate in its choice of a head of state .
the footage " air station sunday " show clementina wrap in a blanket " between two man point assault rifle head . the be lead illinois republican hyde " of the international relation committee . u.s .- lead coalition force in afghanistan kill 24 fighter in a seven - hour battle in the country 's restive south . " be very expensive , and there be to our problem on the horizon , " odnosum . official be investigate and survey the as the char together the .
play on : the attack at a hotel more than people dead " and greatly raise fear the country 's . the son of a u.s. " dodd be to the of representative in 1974 " and three term before to the senate in . the international of have affirm a decade - old treaty colombia three small island in the caribbean . american actor jolie and be donate $ 2 million to a sanctuary in namibia " where they spend christmas with child .
the deputy of the u.s. central " lt .- . lance " friday " the number of additional would depend on the situation follow the assault on " would " be additional brigade 's worth of force " -- up to several thousand soldier . - division summary . ibrahim al - jaafari 's condemn the abuse depict in the image by television this week . brussels 1996 - 08 - 28 government the charge .
three hour and and five set to of switzerland " 04-jun " 06-feb " 07-jun " 01-jun " 06-apr . for 's second quarter , which end july 29 , , best a loss of $ 7.1 million , $ per share , on sale of $ million . san diego 3 york 2 ( 10 ) george promise to lift trade now north korea submit the declaration . the fast - on - line gaming sector of the industry could boost revenue by attract large audience and for a time .
burma in 2008 be strike nargis " which claim over " 1 dead and ten of thousand injure and homeless . sk 3 1 1 1 3 5 4 in other play " of of the czech republic " 06-jan " 06-jan . thousand of people be kill in the conflict . have the business to u.s. assistance already . three iraq city more
a poll find most disapprove of the presence of american in country " be this week 's and the country 's future . on friday " u.s. of state condoleezza concern extremist force and syria and iran be try to destabilize . the obelisk be take from take from the city of axum in 1937 by of dictator benito mussolini during italy 's brief occupation of ethiopia . have blockade the palestinian territory for three " after the militant group hamas from the moderate government . police on horseback charge into crowd of angry british student demonstrate in central london on to protest university hike .
during 2010 " canada 's economy 3 % " to decrease demand and a value canadian dollar . - 1 hal sutton through 11 in a statement " the public council condolence to the family of the victim and to the british people . the 's the " absurd . " meanwhile " iraqi kurdish " and shi'ite be meet today in 11th - hour to on a constitution ahead of a night deadline .
in publish saturday in the ' daily " colonel in troubled uruzgan province recently have be in six with insurgent . a " bernd " for nato 's international assistance force " isaf " reporter civilian driver should behave so they can not be mistaken for a . japanese concern be raise by scene of mob violence at a match in pyongyang between iran and north korea on . four soldier be in the attack . earlier " a spokeswoman lt . col . steele be take into custody a month ago " and be be at a detention facility in kuwait await a hear to determine should - martial .
the ministry of the late kill a total of " 2 bird and prompt health official to cull more than " 30 bird . the psa 80 percent of the country 's servant take in the strike which be a rare to mugabe , have be in independence from britain in . 's plan be " - economic .... it 's a warm - over plan fail and drive our economy into a ditch . a university of michigan survey of hundred of household show the steep monthly drop in consumer on record in october . up a lot of .
the identity of person will light the cauldron on friday remain a tightly guard secret . kidnapper abduct ms. hassan month and call on britain to withdraw its from iraq . police a car bomb go near a traffic police station a few from where british gordon brown meet with iraqi official . more than 360 worshipper in a stampede during the stone ritual a ago . official have consistently to talk with mr. maskhadov " call a and accuse of attack civilian .
iran it will talk with the state week on in iraq . china terrorism be the big to the . the of " " be visit honduras and nicaragua to regional cooperation and energy deal . police have arrest four more suspect in connection with july 's train bombing in mumbai ( formerly know as ) kill nearly people and more than 800 other . hear will be through starbuck store and other retailer .
the official believe the explode prematurely and suspect the rebel revolutionary armed force of colombia " farc " be the plot . -docstart- -docstart- official a car bomb and two roadside bomb explode " as the 's convoy through a predominantly neighborhood " sara . john roberts and and support the execution to proceed . city it three iraq more
lead prize money romania 's main have call for a repeat of sunday 's round of and parliamentary " allege widespread electoral fraud . and prominent democratic official fear fight between and could lead to depressed turnout democratic voter in the . of the 26 state " meet in brussels " condemn terrorism in its form and nato 's determination to combat terrorism and the 's value of freedom " and democracy . meanwhile " u.s. soldier fire warn shot outside the u.s. headquarters at bagram air base tuesday " where several hundred afghans gather to demand the of eight villager arrest in overnight raid .
authority in the northern indian state of pradesh at least 11 people be kill sunday afternoon when a bus pack with passenger veer a road and into a canal . international and egyptian group have criticize egyptian prison " police station and detention center for what they be widespread brutality and . the official china daily report a plan have be draw up to the subway network to 19 line where it will major corner of china 's capital city . mr. howard " prior to 2005 " the u.s. defense have restrict access to vital information on iraq . dr. molina have be petition the cuban government to to travel to to son " life in exile there .
under the term of the compact of association " the us provide $ 1.3 billion in aid during the period 1986 - 2001 ; the level of aid have be subsequently . medium report will not the work visa of some israeli - al - jazeera employee " and the network 's will have less access to news and briefing . glamorgan forfeit and 273 - 5 ( h. morris the nation development program have antonio bandera as a goodwill in the fight . 4 2 0 2 4 3 6
it source for the report . two religious be to the government . , report a drop in net profit to a$ million for the from a$ million the . shi'ite be divide over the . opinion poll socialist democrat adrian nastase and bucharest mayor traian basescu - the nominee of the and truth - head the of 12 .
hamas unleash intensive strike on settlement earlier in the week after israeli soldier kill several militant . official of junior partner " the union of democrats " its be consider a withdrawal from the cabinet . state medium quote china 's with taipei , tang , as a visit group from taiwan on it be time for the to talk . visit karzai thank iran for build the $ 60 million highway and emphasize the of war - tear afghanistan will help its neighbor . first - half goal from native daniel bennett and give singapore the lead .
in its report on the aids " the world the spread of hiv be stabilize in some of india 's state " overall it be still rise . poultry farmer have have million of dollar from people because of bird flu . cote d'ivoire be the world 's large producer and exporter of cocoa bean and a producer and exporter of coffee and oil . bangkok 1996 - 08 - 29 and radical shi'ite cleric moqtada al - sadr in jordan today for with and other official in .
the good intention will not ensure success . petersburg 24 9 4 11 24 26 31 -docstart- india be in armed force and police " build road " school " " " dig and support trade and . the be due to a between the - western govern coalition saad al - and - michael .
in a to meet in algiers " mr. annan within the few expect to a report on a fact - find mission into the february 14th kill . the group accuse troop of fail to stop people from several mass graf in the war - tear country . mr. nimeiri to in a coup in 1969 and for 16 until too be oust by a coup in 1985 while visit the united state . those talk resume sunday with from each side meet to 's condition for hand over the city . 's trade with poland rise to $ million in 1995 from $ million in 1994 .
a news friday " mr. lopez obrador keep fight and campaign from a jail cell have to . bird flu have kill three people in turkey and 79 in east 2003 . - raid and have continue despite mediation libyan moammar gadhafi . and southern iraq be rich in oil . mr. thaksin and government be expect to be swear in on . city more
